README.md, before:

# Cryptocurrency Wallet

![An image shows a wallet with bitcoin.](https://github.com/ppatel0910/job_finder/blob/main/images/19-4-challenge-image.png)

### Background

You work at a startup that is building a new and disruptive platform called KryptoJobs2Go. KryptoJobs2Go is an application that its customers can use to find fintech professionals from among a list of candidates, hire them, and pay them. As KryptoJobs2Go’s lead developer, you have been tasked with integrating the Ethereum blockchain network into the application in order to enable your customers to instantly pay the fintech professionals whom they hire with cryptocurrency.

Specifically, you will assume the perspective of a KryptoJobs2Go customer in order to do the following:

* Generate a new Ethereum account instance by using the mnemonic seed phrase provided by Ganache.

* Fetch and display the account balance associated with your Ethereum account address.

* Calculate the total value of an Ethereum transaction, including the gas estimate, that pays a KryptoJobs2Go candidate for their work.

* Digitally sign a transaction that pays a KryptoJobs2Go candidate, and send this transaction to the Ganache blockchain.

* Review the transaction hash code associated with the validated blockchain transaction.

Once you receive the transaction’s hash code, you will navigate to the Transactions section of Ganache to review the blockchain transaction details. To confirm that you have successfully created the transaction, you will save screenshots to the README.md file of your GitHub repository for this Challenge assignment.

### Results

Commit message:

Update README.md with link to image to of Streamlit

README.md, after:

# Cryptocurrency Wallet

![An_image_shows_a_wallet_with_bitcoin.](https://github.com/ppatel0910/job_finder/blob/main/images/19-4-challenge-image.png)

### Background

You work at a startup that is building a new and disruptive platform called KryptoJobs2Go. KryptoJobs2Go is an application that its customers can use to find fintech professionals from among a list of candidates, hire them, and pay them. As KryptoJobs2Go’s lead developer, you have been tasked with integrating the Ethereum blockchain network into the application in order to enable your customers to instantly pay the fintech professionals whom they hire with cryptocurrency.

Specifically, you will assume the perspective of a KryptoJobs2Go customer in order to do the following:

* Generate a new Ethereum account instance by using the mnemonic seed phrase provided by Ganache.

* Fetch and display the account balance associated with your Ethereum account address.

* Calculate the total value of an Ethereum transaction, including the gas estimate, that pays a KryptoJobs2Go candidate for their work.

* Digitally sign a transaction that pays a KryptoJobs2Go candidate, and send this transaction to the Ganache blockchain.

* Review the transaction hash code associated with the validated blockchain transaction.

Once you receive the transaction’s hash code, you will navigate to the Transactions section of Ganache to review the blockchain transaction details. To confirm that you have successfully created the transaction, you will save screenshots to the README.md file of your GitHub repository for this Challenge assignment.

### Results
Below is an image of the working Streamlit application that was created. 
![an_image_showing_the_streamlit_application](https://github.com/ppatel0910/job_finder/blob/main/images/streamlit.png)
